one thing  that i think alot about is how the user interface for ai tools will evolve. This is a key reason i think its important to experiment with cursor, which is typically considered a code editor. and instead we will try using it for writing. I don't think traditional writing tools such as microsft word are designed well for using ai. and i also don't think ai native tools such as openai's canvas are the answer either. I think cursor is pulling at the strings of what future ui will look like.
for example, traditionally when we write we know we are going to write the entire document from scratch. there was no other alternative. but now with ai we will leverage ai for what its good at, but still will add our own touch.
one way i see this working is using the ability of cursor to pull context in from a variety of sources. so we should also be thinking about how to properly add context, and then how to prompt and build a system which pulls that context in, and into  format that we like.
i think i'll need to have a prompt library to start the project. but i'll also need to think of how to add context. and remember too much context can be bad. 
also need to think about composer and what it does. if we always let ai define the structure of the document we probably don't get the organic experience of writing and finding out way from thoughts to end product. that being said, the ai can also be used to help with that process. 
the key will be to find ways to augment not replace the human experience. as Packy McCormick says "most human wins" @https://www.notboring.co/p/most-human-wins\

